docs: Add general uri4files feature description (#1194)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/general/index.md

- **SecuritySecretsStored** - Count of secret stored to the service's Secret Store.
- **SecurityConsulTokensRequested** - Count of Consul tokens been requested.
- **SecurityConsulTokenDuration** - Duration of obtaining Consul token.

## URI for Files

> Different files like load configuration, units of measurements, device profiles, device definitions, and provision watches can be loaded either from the local file system or from a remote location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different files like configuration, units of measurements, device profiles, device definitions, and provision watchers can be loaded either from the local file system or from a remote location.
```

For the remote location, HTTP and HTTPS URIs are supported. When using HTTPS, certificate validation is performed using the system's built-in trust anchors.

### Authentication

#### username-password in URI (not recommended)

Users can specify the username-password (`<username>:<password>@`) in the URI as plain text.
This is ok network wise when using HTTPS, but if the credentials are specified in configuration or other service files, this is not a good practice to follow.

!!! example "Example - configuration file with plain text `username-password` in URI"
    ```
        [UoM]
        UoMFile = "https://myuser:mypassword@example.com/uom.yaml"
    ```

#### Secure Credentials (preferred)

The `edgexSecretName` query parameter can be specified in the URI as a secure way for users to specify credentials.
This parameter specifies a Secret Name from the service's Secret Store where the credentials reside. 

!!! example "Example - configuration file with `edgexSecretName` query parameter"
```
[UoM]
UoMFile = "https://example.com/uom.yaml?edgexSecretName=mySecretName"
```

The authentication type and credentials are contained in the secret data specified by the Secret Name. 

> Only `httpheader` is currently supported.

Reviewer: Please expand on the expected elements in the secret data. ie.
```
type=httpheader
headername=<name>
headercontents=<contents>
```

Reviewer: Probably also need to reference how to store the secrets. 
Secure Mode:
- https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/3.0/api/Ch-APIIntroduction/
   - the Secret API needs to be added to this
- https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/3.0/security/SeedingServiceSecrets/

Non-Secure Mode
- https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/3.0/microservices/configuration/CommonConfiguration/#common-configuration-properties
   - InsecureSecrets on Writable Tab ( another section that needs expanding... ;-) )

Author: I think the common config piece should go under the configuration files instead of the generic one here.

Reviewer: It isn't about loading config, but about where the secrets for the URI are stored. Obviously we can't use InsecureSecrets when loading config from URI... :-)

Author: Created issues to address the SecretAPI comment and the InsecureSecrets comment
SecretAPI: #1196
InsecureSecrets Tab: #1197
